*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry* *AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry* 

public static class AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry<K,V>
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.util.Map.Entry|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry_Description|
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry_Fields|
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry_Constructors|
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry_Constructors*
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry(K,V)|Creates an entry representing 
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry(Map.Entry<?extendsK,?extendsV>)|Cre

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry_Methods*
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.equals(Object)|Compares the specifi
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.getKey()|Returns the key correspond
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.getValue()|Returns the value corres
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.hashCode()|Returns the hash code va
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.setValue(V)|Replaces the value corr
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.toString()|Returns a String represe

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry_Description*

An Entry maintaining an immutable key and value. This class does not support 
method setValue. This class may be convenient in methods that return 
thread-safe snapshots of key-value mappings. 



*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry(K,V)*

public AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry(
  K key,
  V value)

Creates an entry representing a mapping from the specified key to the specified 
value. 

    key - the key represented by this entry 
    value - the value represented by this entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry(Map.Entry<?extendsK,?extendsV>)*

public AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry(java.util.Map.Entry<? extends K, ? extends V> entry)

Creates an entry representing the same mapping as the specified entry. 

    entry - the entry to copy 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object o)

Compares the specified object with this entry for equality. Returnstrueif the 
given object is also a map entry and the two entries represent the same 
mapping.	More formally, two entriese1ande2represent the same mapping if 

(e1.getKey()==null ? e2.getKey()==null : e1.getKey().equals(e2.getKey())) and 
and (e1.getValue()==null ? e2.getValue()==null : 
e1.getValue().equals(e2.getValue())) 

This ensures that theequalsmethod works properly across different 
implementations of theMap.Entryinterface. 


    o - object to be compared for equality with this map entry 

    Returns: {@code true} if the specified object is equal to this map entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.getKey()*

public |K| getKey()

Returns the key corresponding to this entry. 



    Returns: the key corresponding to this entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.getValue()*

public |V| getValue()

Returns the value corresponding to this entry. 



    Returns: the value corresponding to this entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this map entry. The hash code of a map entryeis 
defined to be: 

(e.getKey()==null ? 0 : e.getKey().hashCode()) ^ (e.getValue()==null ? 0 : 
e.getValue().hashCode()) 

This ensures thate1.equals(e2)implies thate1.hashCode()==e2.hashCode()for any 
two Entriese1ande2, as required by the general contract of (|java.lang.Object|) 
. 



    Returns: the hash code value for this map entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.setValue(V)*

public |V| setValue(V value)

Replaces the value corresponding to this entry with the specified value 
(optional operation). This implementation simply throws 
UnsupportedOperationException, as this class implements an immutable map entry. 


    value - new value to be stored in this entry 

    Returns: (Does not return) 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleImmutableEntry.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a String representation of this map entry. This implementation returns 
the string representation of this entry's key followed by the equals character 
("=") followed by the string representation of this entry's value. 



    Returns: a String representation of this map entry 


