*java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean* *OperatingSystemMXBean* The managem

public interface interface OperatingSystemMXBean


|java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean_Description|
|java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean_Fields|
|java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean_Constructors|
|java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean_Methods*
|java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean.getArch()|Returns the operating sys
|java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean.getAvailableProcessors()|Returns th
|java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean.getName()|Returns the operating sys
|java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean.getSystemLoadAverage()|Returns the 
|java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean.getVersion()|Returns the operating 

*java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean_Description*

The management interface for the operating system on which the Java virtual 
machine is running. 

A Java virtual machine has a single instance of the implementation class of 
this interface. This instance implementing this interface is an MXBean that can 
be obtained by calling the (|java.lang.management.ManagementFactory|) method or 
from the platform 
<tt>MBeanServer</tt>(|java.lang.management.ManagementFactory|) method. 

The ObjectName for uniquely identifying the MXBean for the operating system 
within an MBeanServer is: 
<tt>java.lang:type=OperatingSystem</tt>(|java.lang.management.ManagementFactory|)


This interface defines several convenient methods for accessing system 
properties about the operating system on which the Java virtual machine is 
running. 



*java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean.getArch()*

public |java.lang.String| getArch()

Returns the operating system architecture. This method is equivalent to 
System.getProperty("os.arch"). 



    Returns: the operating system architecture. 

*java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean.getAvailableProcessors()*

public int getAvailableProcessors()

Returns the number of processors available to the Java virtual machine. This 
method is equivalent to the (|java.lang.Runtime|) method. This value may change 
during a particular invocation of the virtual machine. 



    Returns: the number of processors available to the virtual machine; never smaller than 
             one. 

*java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Returns the operating system name. This method is equivalent to 
System.getProperty("os.name"). 



    Returns: the operating system name. 

*java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean.getSystemLoadAverage()*

public double getSystemLoadAverage()

Returns the system load average for the last minute. The system load average is 
the sum of the number of runnable entities queued to the available 
processors(|java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean|) and the number of 
runnable entities running on the available processors averaged over a period of 
time. The way in which the load average is calculated is operating system 
specific but is typically a damped time-dependent average. 

If the load average is not available, a negative value is returned. 

This method is designed to provide a hint about the system load and may be 
queried frequently. The load average may be unavailable on some platform where 
it is expensive to implement this method. 



    Returns: the system load average; or a negative value if not available. 

*java.lang.management.OperatingSystemMXBean.getVersion()*

public |java.lang.String| getVersion()

Returns the operating system version. This method is equivalent to 
System.getProperty("os.version"). 



    Returns: the operating system version. 


