*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry* *AbstractMap.SimpleEntry* An Entry maintaini

public static class AbstractMap.SimpleEntry<K,V>
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.util.Map.Entry|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry_Description|
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry_Fields|
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry_Constructors|
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry_Constructors*
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry(K,V)|Creates an entry representing a mapping
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry(Map.Entry<?extendsK,?extendsV>)|Creates an e

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry_Methods*
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.equals(Object)|Compares the specified object
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.getKey()|Returns the key corresponding to th
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.getValue()|Returns the value corresponding t
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.hashCode()|Returns the hash code value for t
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.setValue(V)|Replaces the value corresponding
|java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.toString()|Returns a String representation o

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry_Description*

An Entry maintaining a key and a value. The value may be changed using the 
setValue method. This class facilitates the process of building custom map 
implementations. For example, it may be convenient to return arrays of 
SimpleEntry instances in method Map.entrySet().toArray. 



*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry(K,V)*

public AbstractMap.SimpleEntry(
  K key,
  V value)

Creates an entry representing a mapping from the specified key to the specified 
value. 

    key - the key represented by this entry 
    value - the value represented by this entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry(Map.Entry<?extendsK,?extendsV>)*

public AbstractMap.SimpleEntry(java.util.Map.Entry<? extends K, ? extends V> entry)

Creates an entry representing the same mapping as the specified entry. 

    entry - the entry to copy 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object o)

Compares the specified object with this entry for equality. Returnstrueif the 
given object is also a map entry and the two entries represent the same 
mapping.	More formally, two entriese1ande2represent the same mapping if 

(e1.getKey()==null ? e2.getKey()==null : e1.getKey().equals(e2.getKey())) and 
and (e1.getValue()==null ? e2.getValue()==null : 
e1.getValue().equals(e2.getValue())) 

This ensures that theequalsmethod works properly across different 
implementations of theMap.Entryinterface. 


    o - object to be compared for equality with this map entry 

    Returns: {@code true} if the specified object is equal to this map entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.getKey()*

public |K| getKey()

Returns the key corresponding to this entry. 



    Returns: the key corresponding to this entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.getValue()*

public |V| getValue()

Returns the value corresponding to this entry. 



    Returns: the value corresponding to this entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this map entry. The hash code of a map entryeis 
defined to be: 

(e.getKey()==null ? 0 : e.getKey().hashCode()) ^ (e.getValue()==null ? 0 : 
e.getValue().hashCode()) 

This ensures thate1.equals(e2)implies thate1.hashCode()==e2.hashCode()for any 
two Entriese1ande2, as required by the general contract of (|java.lang.Object|) 
. 



    Returns: the hash code value for this map entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.setValue(V)*

public |V| setValue(V value)

Replaces the value corresponding to this entry with the specified value. 


    value - new value to be stored in this entry 

    Returns: the old value corresponding to the entry 

*java.util.AbstractMap.SimpleEntry.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a String representation of this map entry. This implementation returns 
the string representation of this entry's key followed by the equals character 
("=") followed by the string representation of this entry's value. 



    Returns: a String representation of this map entry 


